effect_name: Normal
effect_range: Arbitrary [(0, 0)]
effect_requirement: =0
effect_description: Matches normal candies with other normal candies.

effect_name: CircleBomb
effect_range: Circle 2
effect_requirement: =5
effect_description: Clears a circular area of radius 2 when matched.

effect_name: DiamondBomb
effect_range: Diamond 2
effect_requirement: =5
effect_description: Clears a diamond-shaped area of radius 2 when matched.

effect_name: Bomb
effect_range: Rectangle 3 3
effect_requirement: =5
effect_description: Clears all candies in a 3x3 area when matched.

effect_name: StripedCross
effect_range: Arbitrary [(0, :), (:, 0)]
effect_requirement: >= 5
effect_description: Clears the entire row and column when matched.

effect_name: StripedRow
effect_range: Arbitrary [(0, :)]
effect_requirement: =4
effect_description: Clears the entire row when matched.

DIFFICULTY_CONSTANT
dimension: 9
max_steps: 30

shape_name: Triangle
shape_icon: 🔺
effect_name: Normal

shape_name: Ice
shape_icon: 🧊
effect_name: Normal

shape_name: Burger
shape_icon: 🍔
effect_name: Normal

shape_name: Heart
shape_icon: 💖
effect_name: Normal

shape_name: donuts
shape_icon: 🍩
effect_name: Normal

shape_name: Pancake
shape_icon: 🥞
effect_name: Normal

shape_name: CircleBomb
shape_icon: ⚽️
effect_name: CircleBomb

shape_name: DiamondBomb
shape_icon: 💠
effect_name: DiamondBomb

shape_name: Bomb
shape_icon: 💣
effect_name: Bomb

shape_name: StripedCross
shape_icon: ☩
effect_name: StripedCross

shape_name: StripedRow
shape_icon: 🍭
effect_name: StripedRow
